You can also have generator methods if you really wanted to.
So for example we'll just do the same thing except we'll make an object this time so we'll do let RBJ
object literal syntax and we'll just do let's say make it a Raider and we'll set it equal to this function
right here.
So just copy this.
It's going to be the exact same thing like so.
And in this case you can do that.
There we go.
And that works just as well.
Or you could also do a concise method syntax so the way you do that is you just cut this out and instead
all we have to do is put this in and get rid of the star and just do star.
Make it a Raider like so.
And that works just as well since we're not using the function keyword with this concise method syntax.
We'll go ahead and put the star next to the name of the method instead.
But other than that it works just the same and it is still a generator function.